---
name: Dr Jorge Merino
office: Information
phone: +44(0)1223 332675
image: assets/images/jm2210.jpg
homepage: https://www.ifm.eng.cam.ac.uk/people/jm2210
---
Dr Jorge Merino is a research associate at the Institute for Manufacturing of the University of Cambridge specialised in data quality evaluation and certification, and data management. He has experience working with international organisations from public and private sectors including insurance, banks, IT, certification authorities, and other universities. He is a Certified Information System Auditor by ISACA as well.



Previously, Dr J. Merino worked as a research fellow and assistant professor at the Institute of Information Systems and Technology in the University of Castilla-La Mancha in Spain. During that time, he participated in several funded research projects, was part of the organisation committee of various international conferences, and registered an industrial property. He was part of the secretariat of the AEN/CTN 71/SC 09 on Big data in AENOR International (Spanish Association for Normalisation and Certification). He also actively participated in international committees for standardisation of ISO/IEC JTC1, such as ISO/IEC JTC1 WG9 on Big Data, ISO/TC 184 SC4 WG13 on Industrial Data. He gained his Ph.D. in Advance Information Technologies from the University of Castilla-La Mancha in 2017.



Research Interests:

Data governance, and management, and value,
Data quality analysis and certification,
Big Data, and decision making.
